Your Majesty
Consort Qin Feiyang has arrived
The slave listened to what the ninth prince said
Consort Ma Ye has a good plan to solve the Southeast Water Dialect
where
Xuan He entered the sword
In compliance with the decree, everyone was in the Shang Dynasty
What is he doing here?
My father Qin Feiyang enters the sword
See your majesty
flat body
After I heard that you have a disaster relief policy
Yes, Your Majesty
What a concubine
A few days ago, I just built artillery magnets and other siege weapons
Today, there is a good plan to prevent disasters
Consort Ma Ye worries about the country and the people
I'm really ashamed to wait.
I heard
The third prince wants to bring his own soldiers to the southeast to review the disaster
So
It is bound to exacerbate public resentment of lung poison
The impact involves stability
What exactly did the third prince do?
Don't be speechless
What is your plan to solve the southeast flood?
Bring up the electric wind
What is this?
How can we solve floods?